# Jiaming-Javier-group
The project finished by Jiaming and Javier for CHME5137

# Python codes

1. [Sigma_profile_and_net_charge_final.ipynb](Sigma_profile_and_net_charge_final.ipynb)

       The code to generate sigma profiles for ionic liquids by computing the results coming
    from Material Studio COSMO analysis. The remaining net charge of those sigma profiles are also
    determined by using this code.
   
2. [Regression_final.ipynb](Regression_final.ipynb)

      The code manages the generated sigma profiles by ascribing their tendency to a second order
    polynomial regression.
    
3. [Sensitivity_analysis_final.ipynb](Sensitivity_analysis_final.ipynb)

      One-at-time approach, scatter plots and Morris method sensitivity analysis are generated by this code.
      
4. [GAMMA-generator.ipynb](GAMMA-generator.ipynb)

      This code reports the activity coefficients for binary mixtures with different mole fractions and
    temperatures. However, the code requires long time to generate the activity confident and its accuracy
    was not validated by comparing with literature results.
    
# Documentations

1. [COSMO_.PDF](COSMO_.PDF)

       The main documents
       
2. [Supporting_info.pdf](Supporting_info.pdf)
       
       Supporting informations document includes descriptions of:
              A. COSMO calculation from Material Studio Results;
              B. Sigma profiles;
              C. Python codes.
              
# COSMO output files

       All COSMO output files from Materials Studio are archived in COSMO_FILES branch.
